Your Highness, everything is arranged.
On Wangyue Street,
the plan is in place.
Tomorrow,
I will force Jiang Zhu to reveal herself.
Once she is in danger,
Imperial Uncle won't be able to resist.
He'll move to save her on instinct.
At that moment, the whole city
will witness Prince Yan, Shen Miao,
colluding with a Jade Waist Slave.
You want to hurt Jiang Zhu,
and use her to deal with the prince?
She was a Jade Waist Slave.
That is exactly why she can be used.
Could it be you invited Jiang Zhu to your birthday banquet?
to prove who she is?
Yes.
Now that you know her identity.
then you should also see clearly
what she means to Imperial Uncle.
So you wanted me to be the Flower Goddess.
just to make Jiang Zhu the Flower Attendant
and set them up?
Yes. I set them up.
It was Shen Miao who kept bullying me.
Between you
Or the throne.
which one matters more?
I won't let him take either.
And Crimson?
She's been saving you ever since she appeared.
I have never hurt you.
You want revenge on Shen Miao,
so you'll kill her too?
Are you still the Shen Yuheng I know?
Even if I really did know her when we were children.
But she is now a Jade Waist Slave.
And I...
am the Crown Prince of Great Yan.
Kill her.
Use her.
What's wrong with that?
So the one before me
is the Crown Prince,
Not Shen Yuheng.
I spoke out of turn, Your Highness.
I overestimated myself.
I mistook Your Highness for a confidant.
Your legs...
Why can Shen Miao
hold a place in your heart,
and Crimson too,
but not me?
I want to be accepted by you.
In the end,
I was only
a fabricated confidant.
What happened to Your Highness?
Get out.
Before the Flower Festival,
You are not allowed to go anywhere.
From today on,
I will give you special training as the Flower Goddess.
It's just archery, isn't it?
It went off course again.
If this goes on,
how will I coordinate with Sister Zhaohua?
The flower ball will miss the mark,
and the blessing rite will fail.
At least it wasn't too far off.
It doesn't matter.
Let me teach you.
Can you really teach me?
Remember.
As long as the bow is in your hand.
Relax your body.
Keep your emotions stable.
Lock onto the target,
Be firm.
The Prince of Yan arrived.
The Crown Prince has been in a wheelchair for years.
Is his archery skill up to par?
The Crown Prince took this Flower Festival
very seriously.
A mere flower goddess.
Does the Crown Prince really need to personally teach him?
Better.
Let me teach you first.
As for Imperial Uncle,
People who never set foot in the Bichen Palace.
yet for a mere Flower Attendant
you've already come twice.
I really benefited from Jiang Zhu's influence.
The Crown Prince sits here practicing archery each day.
Then I should all the more hope you stand soon
and face me directly.
Don't let this arrow go astray
and hurt someone.
Imperial Uncle is overthinking it.
Yuheng.
Always going straight to the target.
and never harm the innocent.
Their uncle-nephew bond...
I did not know it was this strained.
Where are you taking me?
I have something to give you.
You didn't steal something from the palace again, did you?
This is a heart-protecting pill.
The Flower Festival is near.
What if I encounter danger?
You take it.
It will suppress your instinct to rush out and save me.
Are you asking me to just let you do whatever you want?
Are you worried about me?
I told you, you're just stubborn.
If it were before.
You snatched it from me a long time ago.
I have.
This heart-protecting pill
Each Jade Waist Slave has only one.
Extremely precious.
You should keep it safe.
I'm leaving now.
Where are you going again?
Archery practice.
You've worked hard these past few days.
Today is a big day.
I am truly grateful for your help.
He, Zhaohua...
I agreed to be Flower Attendant
not for Sister Zhaohua,
nor for you, Your Highness.
I am doing this for the Little Auspicious Cloud from twelve years ago.
According to the Imperial Uncle's temperament.
He definitely tried to stop you from entering the palace.
Why do you still believe me?
Is it just because I saved you?
No.
I trust you.
Not just because of the Little Auspicious Cloud twelve years ago.
but because of the man the Crown Prince became.
From our first meeting after the reunion,
He was risking his life to save people.
A Crown Prince who cherishes common lives
He can't be a bad person.
This is what I believe.
So beautiful!
So beautiful.
The Flower Goddess is so beautiful this year!
Yes, like a celestial being.
Yes.
Nothing in this life comes easy for me.
Yet this is all my own doing.
He could have taken her home.
But he insisted on keeping her by his side.
Your Highness.
Prince.
Since you refuse the heart-protecting pill,
Let's have some food first.
Who said I was not eating?
You never intended to use this thing.
what exactly worries you?
I still have not found a good answer.
for whatever may change tomorrow.
This time,
the danger is not only from the palace.
Getting someone out will not be simple.
You watched me grow up.
Nothing can be hidden from you.
But.
I've practically watched Shen Yuheng grow up.
Why.
I understand him less and less.
The prince ordered:
There will be crowds today.
No mistakes.
If you spot anyone suspicious,
Inform me immediately.
Yes.
Before the start of the Flower Festival ceremony.
Let Jiang Zhu drink this wine.
Steward.
Put the wine down.
Send it out.
Shijin, you go out first.
I have something to say to the Crown Prince.
Qin Zhaohua.
Shen Yuheng.
For a promise made in childhood,
Jiang Zhu risked her life to come find you.
She is the Jade Waist Slave.
Jade Waist Slave slaughtered the army camp back then.
yet neither of us saw her do it.
I saw her do that with my own eyes.
I only know Jiangzhu.
All I know is that she has always been protecting us.
No matter what decision you ultimately make.
I will do anything to protect her.
And you...
Yuheng Star.
It is the brightest star in the Big Dipper.
I remember Shen Yuheng, whom I fell in love with.
He would risk his life to save a cat,
and protect punished palace servants.
He once shone as brightly as the Yuheng Star.
I can't let him be covered by dark clouds.
Why have you not loosed the arrow?
If the pom-pom lands directly...
It's considered unlucky.
it means a grave omen for next year.
Everyone, look at the face of the Flower Goddess!
How is that possible?
What happened?
What is happening?
Why aren't you shooting arrows yet?
The flower ball is about to fall off.
What should we do?
This is bad!
Shoot, quickly!
It's about to fall.
Leave the rest to me.
You should hurry up and leave.
Take her away, now.
Crimson.
It's up to you now.
Go.
MkvDrama.Net